[THEME MUSIC]
>> Great to see you all.
I'm very, very
passionate about this.
Obsessed, actually,
about how amazing we are.
So, are we the quantum
computers we're searching for?
Spoiler alert-- yes, absolutely.
Probably a lot of you here
already feel that way.
Something's happened
in your life,
and your doors have
been blasted open,
and you know that the reality
that we are being told about
is not the whole story.
And you've probably spent
a lot of your life trying
to put a framework around this
and figure this out on your own.
My presentations
speak to everyone,
so I tend to be a little
conservative of what I
say in my presentations so
that I don't isolate anybody.
But I like to look at
this through the lens
of my own experiences
with remote viewing,
just because I think
it gives us more
of a holistic perspective when
we're looking at ourselves
and how amazing we are.
So as many of you
know, if you're
coming to this conference,
we are standing right now
on the precipice of
this incredible time
in humanity's lifetime.
We're having the
convergence right
now of artificial
intelligence, of course.
We're going to have quantum
computers coming online soon.
We have genetic manipulation.
Scientists right
now are actually
looking at adding
additional senses to humans.
This is going on.
So this is why I love
to keep my fingers
on the pulse of
neuroscience and science
as best I can because I
feel like these things that
are happening.
I mean, they're happening.
But to be savvy humans, we
need to know about them.
And we also need to
know how amazing we are,
and that we are capable of so
much more than we think we are.
So I put my glasses
on for part of this.
I just wanted to see
if I missed anything.
Well, there's also the
evolving ET reality, of course.
It would make sense
to me with everything
that's happening that they
would be watching us right now,
of course.
But then there's also all of the
abduction and close encounter
research.
And we've heard that they're
interested in the reproduction
and taking eggs,
and that they might
be working towards a
hybrid race-- that's
one of the theories.
But it also could be something--
that doesn't have to be
an or, this can be an and--
where they might be doing
a longitudinal study of us.
Whether we are related to them
or not, it seems rational to me
that an advanced civilization
would do something like this,
and they would study
us over the decades.
And of course, if we can imagine
that they are outside of time,
they may know something
about the future of humanity
that we don't know.
And could they be archiving
us through these decades
of our food being modified, our
incredible new technology coming
online, the genetic
manipulation?
Then we have Neuralink.
We're putting
things in our body.
We're trying to expand ourselves
in these artificial ways.
So could they know something
that we're going to do?
Maybe we are going to
be the ones that are not
going to be able to reproduce.
Could this just be
an archiving system?
I mean, sometimes people
bring up the fact,
well, they haven't
really done anything
to harm us other than it's
uninvited and some of us
are remembering these things.
But it just makes
sense to me that they
would be looking to keep
track of the genetic changes
and the epigenetic
changes as we move
through this new crazy biggest
time in humanity's timeline.
I mean, right now,
we can't even fathom
what is on the other end
of quantum computers coming
into the mix of this.
For me, it's really important
that we look at all of this
together, but we
also take a step back
and go, OK, what about us?
We have to be really careful
when all this AI comes online
that we don't make
that our new god.
And it's going to be tempting.
It's going to be tempting.
I mean, look at us with GPS.
Oh, yeah, I'm not going to
use that-- but look at us.
We all throw out
the maps with GPS.
Why wouldn't we use it?
I mean, as far as health, when
we see artificial intelligence
helping us with health and
amalgamating all the reports
and coming up with these
amazing solutions, I mean,
we're going to want it.
We just are.
So I just think we can adopt it
because we're going to have to.
I don't think we're
going to have a choice.
But I think we should never
stop looking at ourselves
and how we can evolve our minds.
So that's what my
presentation is about.
How can we evolve our minds?
I have been obsessed myself
with experimenting to see
what are the mysteries of
our minds, what can we do.
I always felt--
I'm sure many of you did--
very different inside.
Maybe it was intuition for you.
Maybe you were having
unusual dreams.
contact experiences.
But you know there's this
restlessness inside us
that tells us that
there is something more.
And we don't always
feel fulfilled.
I mean, we look at the
abduction research,
we look at the remote
viewing information.
But it's really important to
bring that inward and experiment
and try.
Break some new doorways open to
explore your own mind safely.
So I just want to talk about
this, how I've done it,
and hopefully give you
some suggestions about how
you might want to do it.
OK, I got a lot
of slides, so I'm
going to start
accelerating here.
The mind is more like a quantum
computer than a linear computer.
I didn't even realize that
the current scientific model
of the brain is
linear, algorithmic.
I mean, I can't
even believe that,
but that's what it currently is.
But to most of us, we know it's
more like a quantum computer.
There's hardly, I mean,
anything linear about it.
But we particularly
can examine this
through the lens of remote
viewing and precognition.
In artificial
intelligence, I believe
we are endeavoring
to build something
that we actually already have.
About which we know
next to nothing.
We still don't know half
the secrets of our minds.
They've been studying
the brain forever.
And all neuroscience,
psychology,
really is pattern recognition.
Still, at this stage, we
don't know very much about it.
So, how are we able to
have these psy experiences?
It's not explaining that.
What's happening during dreams?
We still don't know this.
We don't know where
we're going for death.
I mean, I can't
believe we haven't been
studying this the whole time.
Wondering where are we--
what's happening here?
What's happening in our dreams?
Scientists believe, one
of the leading theories,
is that your brain is
optimizing through the night.
It's taking everything that
you saw during the day.
It's optimizing and
triaging the memories
that you're going to
keep, and that you're
witnessing that optimization.
That's possible.
I ask myself, what would be the
evolutionary advantage of that?
I don't know.
It just seems underwhelming.
I just don't think
that that's the answer.
And other people believe that
it's a mishmash of the day,
and that's fine.
I can recognize that in some
dreams, and sometimes it's that.
But is that a holistic,
all-encompassing explanation?
I think we would
all say no to that.
So there are many
mysteries about us
and we have barely
scratched the surface.
And then, abduction and
close encounter research.
I've been deep into this
for the last few years.
And there's one thing I
want to say about this.
We can argue whether they're
malevolent or benevolent.
I personally subscribe to
the many groups, many agendas
that makes more sense to me.
But there's one thing when you
go through the research that
really stands out that
you can say is for sure,
and that is there is cognitive
manipulation going on.
So this is it.
They are interfacing
with the mind, our minds,
in a more advanced
way than we are.
They are interfacing with our
minds in a more advanced way
than we are.
This is another
reason why I think
that we need to have a deeper
look at what we are capable of.
So in this lecture,
I'm not going
to exactly address things,
discount them or address guides,
guardians, people's beliefs.
I'm bringing this back to us--
our subconscious
mind, the mysteries
of us, our consciousness,
what we are capable of.
We are the greatest mystery.
We are more than these bodies.
If you've ever had an
out-of-body experience
or a near-death
experience, I mean,
you know what that feels like.
And it's pretty hard to convince
you that we're just this body.
Science might not agree.
They believe partially--
some of them do.
That it's phantom limb,
which is an amputee
gets their arm
amputated and they still
have a pain sensation
in part of their limb.
But there's actually-- which
would be ultimately a projection
of the mind.
But there's a
counterargument to that.
I have several friends
who are remote viewers,
and they're very proficient
at going out of body.
Without a body you
lose your sense of you
and you go to another location.
And in this example,
they're able to retrieve
actionable information for the
authorities and bring it back.
So in those cases, I mean,
it cannot be a projection
of the mind.
And so I believe sometimes it
could be, but not all the time.
Again, so we're not getting
these holistic, all-encompassing
explanations.
So, I mean, the mysteries
of us are beautiful.
But I just think with the advent
of AI, it's time to explore it.
We are beyond space and time.
Remote viewing is one of--
controlled remote viewing,
in particular in the
lab, is one of the best
areas of proof for this, and
beyond time, precognition.
So there's remote viewing, it's
called future remote viewing.
So you're going outside
of time to get answers.
We have our own
built-in holodecks.
Now, obviously, this is "Star
Trek" I'm talking about,
not everybody might
know what that is.
I have a picture
on the next screen,
but holodecks is a
simulated reality.
They're flying around
in space on their ship,
and they have a room
they can walk into.
And when they do, it looks like
a grid, something like this.
They don't have a
program running.
And then this is
how it is once they
run the program in the
lower corner there,
it becomes this virtual,
all-encompassing reality
they can walk into,
interact anytime,
anywhere, different characters,
different level of awareness.
And I truly believe, after
all the experimentation
I've done on myself, that
we have a holodeck in here
that is virtually unexplored.
So back to this.
My lecture series
is called the Final
Frontier Is In Here, because you
can't convince me that it's not.
The space is an
amazing frontier.
If you've got a ton of
money, people, maybe we'll
get to do that sometime,
but we also can go inside.
Inward, we have the same
key-- again, the best evidence
is from remote viewing,
out-of-body, near-death.
The same key to go and access
all of the same things.
So for me-- and I'm
sure most of you,
you know the final frontier
is actually within us.
You can tell I'm a
little passionate.
So perhaps science and AI
will understand some of this,
and perhaps it
will crack the code
of some of this limitless
potential of us.
I'm sure it will.
But will it ever be able to
have an out-of-body experience?
Will it ever be able to
penetrate another reality?
I don't really know about that.
What I think would
happen would be
that it would amalgamate so much
information that we wouldn't
be able to tell the difference.
It would convince us just
by all of the knowledge
that it gathers from all of us.
And if I were an advanced
civilization looking down at us,
I think I would be really
interested in this time
to see what we're going
to do with our technology.
I'm sure they already know.
But I would also be
very interested to know
what we're going to do.
Are we going to give
it all up, or are we
going to continue to
evolve these minds?
And are we going to figure
out what this supercomputer is
and how much more
we can do with it?
Yeah, a little
passionate, sorry.
So [LAUGHS] it's true.
We are amazing.
So just in case--
I mean, I first talked
about most of this lecture
earlier this year.
And I realized not
a lot of people
knew what quantum
computers were.
Wow, look at how much that's
changed in a couple of months.
People didn't know
what ChatGPT was.
Look at that.
Everybody knows now.
But just in case,
so I'm just going
to give this quick analogy.
So on this side, it's basically
like linear computation.
You're entering in variables
one at a time here.
And then this is my
quantum computer.
It's omnidirectional,
exponential computing.
And just to put it, boil
it down to a nutshell,
it's really about speed.
So I ask the computer,
give me a good analogy.
And this is what I got
back, which is perfect.
It says, computation
wise, in terms of time
it takes to solve complex
problems an analogy might be,
the difference between a normal
computer and a quantum computer
is like the difference between
walking and teleporting.
So if anybody doesn't know,
it's the giant wild card
that we're about to meet.
What is it going to
be like when it can
calculate so far beyond humans.
That's the question.
So when you look at this, too,
if you were anything like me
or if this has touched
your life in any way,
with your kids, or anybody else.
For me, I slammed into this
wall of left brain, right brain
when I was younger just
because I was in school
and I didn't learn
like other kids,
and I didn't know what was
going on for a long time.
So a lot of tears.
And because I
would observe kids,
and they would just
intake text and they
would be able to have
reading comprehension,
just super smooth.
And so for me-- and I'm sure
many of you might identify with
this--
my brain felt very abstract.
And it was just you would
come up with ideas and things
that you thought were
OK, but you always
felt like you didn't fit.
Because the world really, it
valued left brain strength more.
It just did.
It's understandable.
Because when they did the
split brain research studies
and they snipped
the corpus callosum
and they could study
them individually,
they learned that
really the left brain
was in charge of language.
And so that's what
made it so important.
And the right brain was
more visual, spatial,
and it could do pictures,
but it couldn't speak.
So it was on the back burner.
And so if you were in school,
and you had your-- just,
I mean, obviously, we use
all of our brain, obviously.
But it's just but there
is still something, too,
right-lateralized thinking
and processing, which
is more visual spatial.
I think that just
sometimes the left for us,
it just for some people
it governs more strongly.
And sometimes it
governs less strong.
And so the right brain
is just a little more--
it processes a little
more dominantly.
But I couldn't help when
I saw this to just mention
that because it comes into
play in remote viewing.
It comes into play in so
many areas of our lives
that even though
psychology rejects it,
I reject that it rejects it
because it's a language that we
can use to describe some things
that are important to us.
When we're struggling and our
brain doesn't work the same,
we need a language, and this
helps with the language.
And remote viewing
is a perfect example
of a laboratory setting
where they looked at this.
They wondered, is this
a right brain function?
The remote viewing
program was started
by Hal Puthoff and Russell Targ
at Stanford Research Institute.
But a little known
fact is that when
they were doing their early
tests, their early studies,
their early remote views, and
they were looking at them,
it was Hal Puthoff's
wife, Adrian,
who's a gestalt therapist, who
recognized that, wow, they're
getting it wrong in
the text, but they're
getting it right in the images.
So they're wondering, could
this be a right brain function.
So all of the protocols
that I'm about to talk about
were all worked out to deal with
the left and the right brain
and their specialties.
We have to use it all.
It's important that
we have it all.
It's there for a reason.
But how do you
nuance it when you
need to come up with a
result, like a repeatable ESP
experiment.
OK, so let's get into it right
now, controlled remote viewing.
So I want to explain some
differences because I
know a lot of people get this.
You get information
off the internet,
and it gets a little confusing.
So remote viewing sometimes
gets used in the psychic world.
And I'm not dishing on this
because I love that word.
But I'm just going to use it
to explain the differences.
So sometimes remote
viewing will be
used as the term
for psychic ability.
And it is.
It is.
But controlled remote
viewing, sometimes called CRV,
or you might have heard it
called coordinate remote viewing
in the past, which is
what it was called,
is really-- we're talking
about remote viewing that
was done in a lab.
So that's the difference.
It's like a psychic will
use their intuition.
A controlled remote viewer
will use their intuition
with a set of
instructions over top.
So you're basically
going through a process
of probing your
mind with questions
that are predetermined.
That's how we're
taught to do it.
It's like your left brain is
interviewing your right brain
or your conscious mind is
interviewing your subconscious
mind.
So there's a bit
of an art to that.
And they've accounted for this.
And the reason is
your left brain
is more designed
for your every day,
and your right brain is
a little bit different.
So we have to settle the
left down because it's
designed for survival.
When you're trying to have--
when you're trying to bring an
extra sensory perceptive images,
your left brain, your
ego, wants to help you,
and it wants to guess, and it
wants to give you the answer.
And it wants to--
it's like, I think
I know what it is.
This is why we
generally don't want
to know anything
about the target we're
trying to figure out.
So we have to calm
the left brain down
and the protocols
appease it in a way.
It's got a job so that the
right brain can do its work.
It's really brilliant
how these guys did this.
So remote viewing is a process
of gathering psychic impressions
about a target that
is hidden from you.
That's it.
you don't know
what the target is,
and you're just slowly
bringing in these fragments,
and you're trying to
bring them into deeper
clarity via these questions
that are predetermined.
So a couple of things
I just want to say.
There's four main
things that are
different between the
psychic and the controlled
remote viewing.
So you're using
specific protocols,
which we just talked about,
designed to filter out
the ego so that you can
get the signal line,
the psychic impression.
You practice on
verifiable targets
to get a bit of a track record.
So you want to have--
so often, they're
put in an envelope,
they're hidden from you.
You try to go in and
determine what it is.
But it's really important
that at the end,
while you're learning, which
can be for a long time,
that you're able to look
at them side by side
and look at all of
the different things
that you might have got right
or you might have got wrong.
Because sometimes people
are-- well, all the time,
actually, we have
different specialties.
Some of us might be good
at perceiving people.
at perceiving repeating
patterns or colors or shapes.
Everybody's different.
So when they would do this for
intelligence really seriously,
it was always best
to work with a team
where they knew the track
record of people's strengths
and people's weaknesses.
This is the best way to do this.
So verifiable targets
is no small thing
in the controlled
remote viewing world.
You want to build.
You want to see your
strengths, and you
want to see what you're not so
great at, so you can work on it.
But this is also
where I began to see
what I was interested
in about remote viewing.
It wasn't really
about the target
because the target is always
somebody else's agenda,
But when you're
looking at these,
you are seeing how your
brain is communicating.
And to me, that is
absolutely an invaluable tool
to look at ourselves.
So this, for me, is what
remote viewing is about,
learning the subconscious
language that's
going on inside us.
It will take us to deeper
steps of understanding
how your own brain works.
So remote viewing
is one of the ways.
Another thing that's
different, a psychic might say,
I see an apple.
A controlled remote viewer would
say, I see a spherical object.
It's red in color.
It smells, feels like it's
natural as opposed to man-made.
So they're describing
they're not naming.
Another thing, we are
completely blind to the target.
So that just means we know
nothing about the target.
It's actually far
easier to do that,
oddly, because if you
have a deck of 52 cards,
this is what I
was saying before,
the left brain gets to
get involved and say,
I know the answer, and
it will guess right.
But if there's infinite
targets, the left brain
doesn't know what
to do with that,
and it's easier to calm it down.
It's like, I got this.
And you just go for it.
The other thing that's
really interesting,
you don't chase a target.
You have to allow it.
It's one of the tricky things.
But it's a wonderful thing that
you don't have to chase it.
You wait for it.
So it has many
levels of engagement.
And in the past, I've talked
about many of my remote views,
but I'm only going
to talk about one,
the one that changed my life.
But before I do that,
I'm going to give you
a nice little treat with Russell
Targ, one of the grandfathers
of the remote viewing program.
This is with
permission from Russell
and Lance Mungia who
created this movie.
If you haven't seen
it, "Third Eye Spies,"
I highly recommend it.
Let's watch.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Let this information out.
- The experiments have been in
the field of remote viewing.
We got into it when we
discovered that they were in it.
- I realized that what people
can do is quiet their mind
and describe the experiences
that appear in your awareness.
We've been investigating
a phenomenon
called remote viewing.
We found that many individuals
are able to accurately describe
what's going on in
distant locations, locked
from any kind of
ordinary perception.
Don't name it.
Just tell me what appears
in your visual field,
and then draw that.
- Are you saying that the work
you've been doing is classified?
- I really can't talk about
matters of classification,
as you can imagine.
My name is Russell Targ,
and I'm a physicist.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> "The fate of the world
was taught inside the mind."
That was pretty powerful
statement there.
If anyone's interested in any
more information, Lance Mungia's
YouTube channel, the creator
of this is Waking Universe.
And these were just some
of his extra footage here,
if you want to check that out.
So let's move on.
"The Chicago Tribune,"
August 13, 1977,
the CIA'S crystal ball.
"We once found a guy that
could see anywhere in the world
through his psychic powers.
We could show him a
picture of any place,
and he could describe any
activity going on there.
But he died, and we haven't
heard from him since."
CIA Director Stansfield Turner.
Kind of mysterious
statement, huh?
If you look into
this person, you
will see it was a
very mysterious death.
And of course, we
are talking about one
of the most psychic men in
the world, a former police
chief named Pat Price.
He was an incredible
remote viewer here
at Stanford Research Institute.
And just for those of you who
are from the Monroe Institute,
I am a huge--
I love the Monroe Institute.
I have a history there.
This is Bob Monroe,
if you aren't aware.
So there was a crossover,
some experiments
that went on between the
Monroe Institute and Stanford,
because the Monroe Institute's
very into exploration
of the mind, out of body, remote
viewing, all of these things.
So one of Pat's most
famous remote views,
the top secret NSA facility,
otherwise known as Sugar Grove,
not only did he draw the
facility and its surroundings,
but, man, he saw inside it.
He described the color of the
filing cabinets, the operation
names, the code names.
It was an amazing
remote view because it's
rare to just read
things in a remote view
because that's actually
a left-brain specialty,
and it doesn't always
filter into this.
But for him, easy.
He could do all of this.
This is what was so
amazing about him.
And he had such a high
level of accuracy with this.
So he provided a list of
project titles associated
with current and
past activities,
including one of
extreme sensitivity,
and it brought in a lot of
attention when this happened.
This is Ingo Swann.
I'm sure a lot of you
have heard of him.
He's like the grandfather
of remote viewing as well.
And he was part of the
early program at Stanford.
And when they were trying
to determine if ESP is real,
is it repeatable at will?
It's really what the remote
viewing program was there
to find out because they
heard that the Soviets had
psychic spies that were finding
out information about them.
And of course, the US
was like, is this true?
If it's true, we need
to train some people
and figure out how to do this.
Can we do this at will?
This is another
reason I just want
to say why remote
viewing is important.
For many of us, we will
have intuitive hits that
happen kind of passively to us.
Remote viewing is more
of an active targeting.
For people who are
not familiar with it,
I just wanted to explain
that, another reason why
it's enjoyable to do.
You can go after targets.
So as I said, it
began in the '70s.
It ended in a
military program that
was declassified in 1995 that
many people have heard of,
called Project Stargate,
have many different names,
but that's what
it ended up with,
and that's what you
can Google it as.
And it was funded by the
CIA for more than 20 years.
This is Joe McMoneagle.
I'm going to start getting
faster here to get these in.
Joe was considered
Remote Viewer Number 1.
He was the first of
the military program.
He was known to be the most
tested remote viewer ever.
He did something like 95
live televised remote views,
and he received the
highest commendation
that anyone can get in
intelligence services
in a non-combat role with
the Legion of Merit award
for service to his country.
Joe's amazing remote view
was a top secret facility
that was manufacturing
a new type of submarine,
the Typhoon class, which was the
submarine featured in The Hunt
for Red October, by the way.
When he remote-viewed it,
they said that's impossible
because we have spies.
And they haven't come up with
any information like this.
And Joe said, well, point your
satellites over there dockside
in 90 to 120 days.
And they did.
And they found it.
So he hit this, and he had all
of this detailed information
about it.
It was absolutely incredible.
So there we go.
And I just--
I got to say, here's a
list of clients for anyone
who still isn't sure if
remote viewing is legit.
If it's real, here's
a list of clients.
I can't see it very well
on here, but CIA, DIA,
Secret Service, Air Force
Intelligence Agency, Naval
Intelligence Command, Naval
Investigative Service Command,
National Security Agency,
Army intelligence and Security
Command, the National Security
Council, the FBI, the DEA,
the ATF, which is the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms,
and I think that the Coast
Guard used them, too.
So just for those
people who are like,
I'm not sure if I believe this,
somebody believed in this.
Somebody believed in this.
So another thing about
these remote viewers,
that's kind of an
interest to us.
They've all bumped into ET.
They all have very
unique reports.
And once someone
has a track record,
and they say
something like that,
we take it a little
more seriously.
That's why the track record is
so important, because if someone
just says, I remote
viewed for the first time,
and they saw these
things, it doesn't
have quite the same weight.
That's why we want a
track record, right?
[MUSIC PLAYING]